index.md, before:


Please rename the R markdown file and add your name and UPI into the file name, 
and then open the R markdown file, replace the author into your name in the header, 
including UPI insider the bracket.

This is an [R Markdown](http://rmarkdown.rstudio.com) Notebook.
It can be edited by [RStudio](https://posit.co/download/rstudio-desktop/). 
User guide is available at [bookdown.org](https://bookdown.org/yihui/rmarkdown/). 

**Note:** in question 1 and 2, some code has been given in order to define the input and output. 
Your code should be implemented between two comments "### your code here" and "### your code finished above". Please make sure that you do not miss any blocks, except for the example below:

```
# your code here
# ...
# your code finished above
```

In question 3, please replace the "Your answer" in the example block below into your actual answer of that quetion.

```
Your answer
```


## Download

0. [R examples](RExamples.html)

1. [Assignment 1 - template](Assignment1/Assignment1Template.Rmd), [ABCD.fasta](Assignment1/ABCD.fasta), [Dengue4.env.nex](Assignment1/Dengue4.env.nex).

Requirements:

- R 4.2.2
- RStudio
- R libraries: "ape", "phangorn", "phytools", "tidyverse", and "Biostrings".  
- [iqtree2](http://www.iqtree.org/#download)


## Useful links

- [RStudio download](https://posit.co/download/rstudio-desktop/)

- [bookdown.org](https://bookdown.org/yihui/rmarkdown/) 

- [R Markdown](https://rmarkdown.rstudio.com/lesson-1.html)

Commit message:

add link to install Biostrings

index.md, after:


Please rename the R markdown file and add your name and UPI into the file name, 
and then open the R markdown file, replace the author into your name in the header, 
including UPI insider the bracket.

This is an [R Markdown](http://rmarkdown.rstudio.com) Notebook.
It can be edited by [RStudio](https://posit.co/download/rstudio-desktop/). 
User guide is available at [bookdown.org](https://bookdown.org/yihui/rmarkdown/). 

**Note:** in question 1 and 2, some code has been given in order to define the input and output. 
Your code should be implemented between two comments "### your code here" and "### your code finished above". Please make sure that you do not miss any blocks, except for the example below:

```
# your code here
# ...
# your code finished above
```

In question 3, please replace the "Your answer" in the example block below into your actual answer of that quetion.

```
Your answer
```


## Download

0. [R examples](RExamples.html)

1. [Assignment 1 - template](Assignment1/Assignment1Template.Rmd), [ABCD.fasta](Assignment1/ABCD.fasta), [Dengue4.env.nex](Assignment1/Dengue4.env.nex).

Requirements:

- R 4.2.2
- RStudio
- R libraries: "ape", "phangorn", "phytools", "tidyverse", and "Biostrings".  
- [iqtree2](http://www.iqtree.org/#download)

You need to follow the [installation instruction](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/html/Biostrings.html)
to use "BiocManager" to install "Biostrings".


## Useful links

- [RStudio download](https://posit.co/download/rstudio-desktop/)

- [bookdown.org](https://bookdown.org/yihui/rmarkdown/) 

- [R Markdown](https://rmarkdown.rstudio.com/lesson-1.html)
